docs/index.md, before:

# Crazy Arms Radio Backend

Crazy Arms Radio Backend is a flexible and fully featured Internet radio back-end
written from the ground up.

It's specifically written after its author built a few _fully decentralized_
online radio stations with varying types of scheduling and finding no existing
product fit some common needs out of the box.

If you're an technical user or a systems administrator wanting to install Crazy
Arms, head over to the [installation docs](./installation.md).

## Features At a Glance

Priority-based Streaming
:   Crazy Arms operates on the concept of priority. This means it chooses the
    source (audio input) that is streaming, properly operating, or online with
    the highest priority. For example, a live DJ takes priority over the AutoDJ.
    See [more info on this concept below](#sources-harbor-and-upstreams-explained).

Live scheduling via Google Calendar
:   Scheduling of live DJs using Google Calendar. An invite to a calendar event means
    a DJ is authorized to play. Simple as that.

    Rather than re-invent the wheel, Google Calendar was chosen because of its wide
    adoption and east of use &mdash; and implementation of recurring events.. Your
    web front-end can integrate with that, rather than a complex, custom API.

Scheduled playout of long-format audio files, ie prerecorded shows
:   A major use case is taking long-format audio files (ie two hours) and scheduling
    them to play at specific times, superseding the AutoDJ.

Broadcasting for non-technical users with [Zoom](https://zoom.us/)
:   This is implemented with Zoom for Linux using a Docker container. A "runner"
    bash script does its best to connect to a user's Zoom room and listen in.
    It's inherently a bit brittle, but can be troubleshooted somewhat easily in
    a web browser running [noVNC](https://novnc.com/info.html) by an admin.

_Idiot-Tolerant(tm)_ DJing
:   If a live DJ or Zoom room is broadcasting silence, Crazy Arms picks another
    input to stream from.

Completely [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)-ized
:   Easy development and easy deployment using
    [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/).

Useful and informative station administration and status tools.
:   Leveraging [Django](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.1/)'s admin
    interface much of Crazy Arms can be managed by administrators (or users with
    the necessary permissions).

    A status page is also provided that uses
    [server-sent events](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server-sent_events) in
    which the Harbor service script communicates directly with your web browser
    in real-time.

Uploading audio from varied sources
:   Uploading of audio files from sources like [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/),
    [Mixcloud](https://www.mixcloud.com/), or [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) are
    supported. Just enter a URL and the Crazy Arms downloads and processes your audio file.

    This utilizes the wonderful [youtube-dlc](https://github.com/blackjack4494/yt-dlc)
    tool and supports literally
    [_thousands of sites_](https://github.com/blackjack4494/yt-dlc/blob/master/docs/supportedsites.md)!

An AutoDJ that plays blocks of advertisements and station IDs (stop sets)
:   This feature can optionally be enabled in the _"Server Settings > Configuration"_
    section.

Fine-grained user permission structure.
:   If a user is _not_ a superuser, there are several permission groups to allow
    them some administrative privileges.

Accessible Logs
:   Less technical users can see server logs without `ssh` or command-line knowledge
    to help troubleshoot. Maybe a DJ got their password wrong or tried to broadcast
    at the wrong time?

Streaming Customization
:   At your own risk, you can modify [Liquidsoap](https://www.liquidsoap.info/)
    Harbor scripts. This gives pretty high flexibility for various use cases.

## Audio Infrastructure Overview

### Sources, Harbor, and Upstreams Explained

The main audio component of Crazy Arms is called the **Harbor.** This is a
customizable script, implemented in [Liquidsoap](https://www.liquidsoap.info/)
that takes care of choosing what to broadcast and when. Think of the Harbor as a
robot taking several sources and deciding which one is best to broadcast based
on the rules you see on the status page.

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    subgraph sources ["Priority-Based Sources"]
        prerecord("1. Pre-recorded Broadcast<br>(Scheduled, long-format shows)")
        dj("2. Live DJ<br>(IceCast 2 / SHOUTCast)")
        zoom("3. Zoom Room<br>(optional)")
        autodj("4. AutoDJ<br>(optional)")
        failsafe(5. Failsafe Audio File)
    end

    harbor(("Harbor Service<br>(Intelligent stream picker)"))

    prerecord -->|highest priority| harbor
    dj --> harbor
    zoom --> harbor
    autodj --> harbor
    failsafe -->|lowest priority| harbor

    subgraph upstreams ["Upstream Services (Examples)"]
        icecast1("Local IceCast 2 Server (mp3)")
        icecast2("External IceCast 2 Server (aac)")
        icecastOthers("Other IceCast 2 Servers")
    end

    harbor --> icecast1
    harbor --> icecast2
    harbor --> icecastOthers

    listeners(("Listeners"))

    icecast1 --> listeners
    icecast2 --> listeners
    icecastOthers --> listeners
```

Commit message:

Better Broadcast Queuing, "Precedence" -> "Priority", README.md TODO checklist

docs/index.md, after:

# Crazy Arms Radio Backend

Crazy Arms Radio Backend is a flexible and fully featured Internet radio back-end
written from the ground up.

It's specifically written after its author built a few _fully decentralized_
online radio stations with varying types of scheduling and finding no existing
product fit some common needs out of the box.

If you're an technical user or a systems administrator wanting to install Crazy
Arms, head over to the [installation docs](./installation.md).

## Features At a Glance

Priority-based Streaming
:   Crazy Arms operates on the concept of priority. This means it chooses the
    source (audio input) that is streaming, properly operating, or online with
    the highest priority. For example, a live DJ takes priority over the AutoDJ.
    See [more info on this concept below](#sources-harbor-and-upstreams-explained).

Live scheduling via Google Calendar
:   Scheduling of live DJs using Google Calendar. An invite to a calendar event means
    a DJ is authorized to play. Simple as that.

    Rather than re-invent the wheel, Google Calendar was chosen because of its wide
    adoption and east of use &mdash; and implementation of recurring events.. Your
    web front-end can integrate with that, rather than a complex, custom API.

Scheduled playout of long-format audio files, ie prerecorded shows
:   A major use case is taking long-format audio files (ie two hours) and scheduling
    them to play at specific times, superseding the AutoDJ.

Broadcasting for non-technical users with [Zoom](https://zoom.us/)
:   This is implemented with Zoom for Linux using a Docker container. A "runner"
    bash script does its best to connect to a user's Zoom room and listen in.
    It's inherently a bit brittle, but can be troubleshooted somewhat easily in
    a web browser running [noVNC](https://novnc.com/info.html) by an admin.

_Idiot-Tolerant(tm)_ DJing
:   If a live DJ or Zoom room is broadcasting silence, Crazy Arms picks another
    input to stream from.

Completely [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)-ized
:   Easy development and easy deployment using
    [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/).

Useful and informative station administration and status tools.
:   Leveraging [Django](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.1/)'s admin
    interface much of Crazy Arms can be managed by administrators (or users with
    the necessary permissions).

    A status page is also provided that uses
    [server-sent events](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server-sent_events) in
    which the Harbor service script communicates directly with your web browser
    in real-time.

Uploading audio from varied sources
:   Uploading of audio files from sources like [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/),
    [Mixcloud](https://www.mixcloud.com/), or [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) are
    supported. Just enter a URL and the Crazy Arms downloads and processes your audio file.

    This utilizes the wonderful [youtube-dlc](https://github.com/blackjack4494/yt-dlc)
    tool and supports literally
    [_thousands of sites_](https://github.com/blackjack4494/yt-dlc/blob/master/docs/supportedsites.md)!

An AutoDJ that plays blocks of advertisements and station IDs (stop sets)
:   This feature can optionally be enabled in the _"Server Settings > Configuration"_
    section.

Fine-grained user permission structure.
:   If a user is _not_ a superuser, there are several permission groups to allow
    them some administrative privileges.

Accessible Logs
:   Less technical users can see server logs without `ssh` or command-line knowledge
    to help troubleshoot. Maybe a DJ got their password wrong or tried to broadcast
    at the wrong time?

Streaming Customization
:   At your own risk, you can modify [Liquidsoap](https://www.liquidsoap.info/)
    Harbor scripts. This gives pretty high flexibility for various use cases.

## Audio Infrastructure Overview

### Sources, Harbor, and Upstreams Explained

The main audio component of Crazy Arms is called the **Harbor.** This is a
customizable script, implemented in [Liquidsoap](https://www.liquidsoap.info/)
that takes care of choosing what to broadcast and when. Think of the Harbor as a
robot taking several sources and deciding which one is best to broadcast based
on the rules you see on the status page.

The harbor has several input **sources**. These are things like pre-recorded
broadcasts, live DJs, or the AutoDJ. Each are each assigned a priority, and the
source with the highest priority _that is active_ will be what the harbor chooses
to play.

!!! note "A Note About Inactive Sources"
    When a source becomes active from inactive, the harbor will fade to it.
    Note a connected source that is silent will usually

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    subgraph sources ["Priority-Based Sources"]
        prerecord("1. Pre-recorded Broadcast<br>(Scheduled, long-format shows)")
        dj("2. Live DJ<br>(IceCast 2 / SHOUTCast)")
        zoom("3. Zoom Room<br>(optional)")
        autodj("4. AutoDJ<br>(optional)")
        failsafe(5. Failsafe Audio File)
    end

    harbor(("Harbor Service<br>(Intelligent stream picker)"))

    prerecord -->|highest priority| harbor
    dj --> harbor
    zoom --> harbor
    autodj --> harbor
    failsafe -->|lowest priority| harbor

    subgraph upstreams ["Upstream Services (Examples)"]
        icecast1("Local IceCast 2 Server (mp3)")
        icecast2("External IceCast 2 Server (aac)")
        icecastOthers("Other IceCast 2 Servers")
    end

    harbor --> icecast1
    harbor --> icecast2
    harbor --> icecastOthers

    listeners(("Listeners"))

    icecast1 --> listeners
    icecast2 --> listeners
    icecastOthers --> listeners
```
